---
title: Joining our Organization
slug: join-requests
weight: 3
---

Having people suggest packages for us to maintain is invaluable, and we'll
continue to need that help until we build a good way to discover these projects
on our own. That said, if we aren't able to continue scaling our organization
we'll not be able to help the projects that need us.

We'll always need people in the Gofrs organization who are willing to help out,
especially because each individual has something unique they can contribute.
Whether they are a senior Go developer or a junior, and whether they have
experience maintaining open source projects or not, there is value they bring to
the table. An example is that maybe you're not too involved in Go, but you feel
you can help with this website.

Part of this group's purpose is to help level-up those that are newer to open
source contributing, by giving them an opportunity to gain experience and learn
how to be a positive open source citizen. We don't yet have any sort of
formalized mentorship program, but we expect that those in the organization are
willing to answer thoughtful questions and have constructive conversations. By
helping those interested in growing, we further expand the types of projects we
can contribute to.

We're also looking to see how we can benefit the larger Go community, and so
while we have no concrete plans right now people who are interested in
mentorship, teaching, or community building could be very impactful.

If helping us strengthen the Go community through package maintainership or
other efforts sounds interesting to you, please consider joining our
organization. You can read more about how to join
[here](https://github.com/gofrs/join-requests).
